Release 1.0.1 (#3)
cadia-lvl/POS: README.md

.       pl
```

For Icelandic we used the [IDF](https://repository.clarin.is/repository/xmlui/handle/20.500.12537/38) and [MIM-GOLD](https://repository.clarin.is/repository/xmlui/handle/20.500.12537/40).

> We use the 10th for hyperparameter selection.

Reviewer: The 10th what?

| -o  --output          | ./data/extra/dmii.vectors           |The file containing the DIM n-hot vectors.

### Filtering the morphological lexicon
Since the morphological lexicon contains more words than will be seen during training and testing, it is useful to filter out unseen words.

```
pos filter-embedding data/raw/mim/* data/raw/otb/* data/extra/dmii.vectors data/extra/dmii.vectors_filtered bin
```

> For explaination of the parameters run `pos filter-embedding --help`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an explanation of the parameters run `pos filter-embedding --help`
```
